good morning everybody it's a beautiful
spring day I'm going to be heading out
to do a little geocaching but or you
could say I'm going to go out and do a
little biking the summer I'm biking
across Minnesota the long way from
Roseau to Minneapolis area and we're
doing it with with our church teenagers
so I've got to do a little training so
this is kind of like cross training
geocaching slash biking so I've got all
my gear on there's my bike and rent it
out to find hopefully maybe about four
cashes today so this is a new one using
the flip camera while I'm biking which
probably isn't exactly safe but I'm on a
side block I guess also also one of the
reason is I'm biking is because during
Moga during the competition I believe I
really injured my foot and I think I
have a stress fracture because it's two
weeks now and I still doesn't feel any
better so it's still sweet though biking
doesn't really affect it too much I'm
going to right now
well I've biked about I say 910 miles so
far and finally had my first cache
although it's in a really busy
neighborhood and and lots of muggles
around I don't know it might be on the
bench over there but there's a bunch of
moms and kids over there I don't want to
look suspicious
well the muggle factor was way too high
on that when there are three moms
they're little kids I didn't want to
freak em out I went there and took water
break fake like I was messing with my
bike to the bench but I just I just
didn't think it was worth it so I guess
I'll come back so off to the next one
okay on that stop - and there's not
quite as many muggles around here says
some 19 feet away we've got a major
beacon right here and see if we can find
this thing
Wow guys it must be really off my game
today I second one here i dnf'd it
zeroing out all over this sign right
here and I and I can't find it anywhere
so guess I'll move on strike two and I
stopped number three boy I think I bit
off a little bit more than I could chew
this is becoming quite a ride
I don't know how far I've gone I
probably over 10 10 12 miles already but
I'm grounding out I think right about
here so let's hope this one is found in
his easy one could be a skirt lifter
there we have it we actually found one
probably have been a little easier to
drive to I'll get him back home hi big I
bit off way more than I could chew I'm
not sure how many miles I rode I'll
check on my on the computer actually
I'll put it just right below here I want
to got one cache this is okay but I got
a good workout hey guys I thought I'd
share a little story what happened to me
today I went out caching again I went
bike riding and rode my bike I thought I
pick up a cache along the way because I
needed one for today and I went and
picked it up there were ton of muggles
there a ton of people there and so I had
to use a lot of stealth and nobody saw
me pick up the cash and I was like I was
invisible anyway I get back on my bike
and I start heading home I'm on a kind
of a fairly busy road on the sidewalk
and I'm riding and I see a car stopped
at a stop sign and I slowly kind of
approach and then I start kind of
zooming past in front of her or whatever
and the lady hit me with her car yes
that's right I got hit by a car I kind
of flew off the bike and and got scraped
up on my knee I got up brushed myself
off and she was like are you okay she
felt really bad and I said yeah I think
think I'm okay and I saw my bike chain
fell off but but I started riding away
and I was thinking everything's fine
whatever until I looked at my handlebars
and check this out my handlebars if you
see right there it maybe you can't see
it so well but it is like bent to the
left there so I'm really bumming because
this was the third time I've rode this
bike and and I got in a crash but you
know I was thinking I was really
invisible when I found that cash and I
guess I was a little bit too invisible
because that car didn't see me